Expand UserInformation to include access token and id token. (#1175)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Auth

> * **[Feature]** Expose the ID Token and Access Token JWTs in the `UserInformation` object passed to the sign in callback.

Reviewer: "Token JWT" is redundant as the T stands for Token.
Also Android is not using a completion handler but returning a future, so it's not a callback per say.
Thus I suggest:

```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Expose the ID Token and Access Token (as raw JWT format) in the `UserInformation` object returned from the sign-in method.
```
